.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _preface:

Preface
-------


.. _about-this-document:

About this Document
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This tutorial describes the steps required to turn a basic web design template
(HTML, CSS, JavaScript files, etc.) into a fully working, mobile-responsive
website in TYPO3 by building a so-called *TYPO3 extension*. Build upon an
empty, clean TYPO3 instance, this tutorial can be understood as a "walk-
through" for beginners to develop the visual appearance of a site in TYPO3.


.. _target-audience:

Target Audience
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This tutorial predominately aims to support TYPO3 integrators and web
developers. It requires some basic knowledge in HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Readers should have worked with TYPO3 and the administration interface (the
*backend* of TYPO3) before. However, this tutorial does not require any
software programming experience.


.. _credits:

Credits
^^^^^^^

Inspired by some initial discussions between Christian Kuhn, Benni Mack, Xavier
Perseguers, Michael Schams and Mathias Schreiber in mid 2016, this tutorial was
written by Michael Schams between 2017 and 2018. It is loosley based on the
concepts by Benjamin Kott, which he presented in a video with Mathias Schreiber
in November 2017 (see ). The final version of this document was published by
the TYPO3 Documentation Team in April 2018.


.. _feedback:

Feedback
^^^^^^^^

For general questions about the documentation get in touch by writing to
`documentation@typo3.org <mailto:documentation@typo3.org>`_.

If you find any issues in this document (small typos or major mistakes), please
check the online version on
https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SitePackageTutorial/. Follow the "Edit me on
GitHub" button at the top right corner and submit a pull request via GitHub.
Alternatively you can just report issues using the bug tracker:
https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-SitePackage/issues.

Maintaining high quality documentation requires time and effort and the TYPO3
Documentation Team always appreciates support. If you want to support us,
please consider joining the Documentation Team.
